Spolifroni amd/updates for 642 (#2398)
ROCm/composable_kernel: README.md

    python3 -m sphinx -T -E -b html -d _build/doctrees -D language=en . _build/html
    ```

### Notes

> The `-j` option for building with multiple threads in parallel, which speeds up the build significantly.

Reviewer: I think the following change sounds less awkward.
```suggestion
The `-j` option builds with multiple threads in parallel, which speeds up the build significantly.
```
